welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
sweet home alabama
on an alabama beach 10 year olds jake
perry and melanie smooter inspect the
result of lightning striking sand
jake asserts that they will be married
one day
in the present day melanie is a
successful fashion designer who has
adopted the surname
carmichael to hide her poor southern
roots
after wealthy andrew hennings proposes
melanie returns to alabama to announce
her engagement to her parents
and finalize a divorce from her
estranged husband
jake meanwhile kate hennings andrews
mother and the mayor of new york city
doubts melanie's suitability to wed her
son whom she is grooming to run for
president of the united states
melanie visits jake who has avoided
signing the divorce papers
after jake orders melanie out of his
house melanie empties jake's checking
account
hoping to spur him into ending the
marriage
jake finally relents and agrees to the
divorce and promises to return the
signed papers the next morning
later at a local bar melanie gets drunk
insults her old school friends and outs
her old childhood pal
bobby ray bailey the next morning
melanie finds the signed document on her
bed
melanie goes to the carmichael
plantation and apologizes to bobby ray
she is cornered there by kate's
assistant sent there to gather
information
on melanie's background bobby ray backs
up her pretense that she is a relative
in the family mansion as her childhood
home
melanie reconciles with her friends and
learns that after she split with jake
he had followed her to new york to win
her back
intimidated by the city and her success
he returned home to make something of
himself first
she and jake have a heart to heart talk
and melanie understands why he never
signed their divorce papers
andrew arrives to surprise melanie but
upon learning her true background and
that jake was her husband
he angrily leaves he later returns
saying he still wants to marry melanie
and the wedding is immediately set in
motion
melanie's new york friends arrive for
the event
while visiting a nearby restaurant
resort with a glassblowing gallery
they admire the glass sculptures that
are similar to ones they have seen in
new york
melanie realizes jake is the artist and
he owns the resort
during melanie and andrew's wedding at
the carmichael estate
a lawyer arrives and halts the ceremony
he has the divorce papers which melanie
has never signed
melanie realizes she still loves jake
and cancels the wedding
she and andrew wish each other well
though kate berates andrew and insults
melanie
her family and the entire town for which
melanie punches her in the jaw
melanie finds jake at the beach planting
lightning rods in the sand during a
rainstorm
to create more glass sculptures she says
they are still married
they return to what would have been
melanie and andrew's reception
and finally have their first dance as
husband and wife
a mid-credits sequence shows that they
have a baby daughter
melanie continues to thrive as a
designer and jake
opens a deep south glass franchise in
new york
andrew is engaged to a girl named aaron
vanderbilt
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you